Add release notes for 0.16.0. (#167)
scrapinghub/scrapy-poet: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

0.16.0 (YYYY-MM-DD)
-------------------

* Now requires ``time_machine >= 2.2.0``.

> * Add support for having the same item type as a dependency and a result.

Author: Feel free to suggest some expanded wording.

Reviewer: This is the best I could come up with, but still feels kind of confusing :sweat: 

```suggestion
* ``ItemProvider`` now supports page objects that declare a dependency on the 
  same type of item that they return, as long as there is an earlier page 
  object input provider that can provide such dependency.
```
